DOCS-765: Update robot dog tutorial to use modular resources (#1450)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/custom/custom-base-dog.md

The [base component type](/components/base/) is useful for controlling mobile robots because it gives users intuitive steering controls to use in code as well as from the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com/) remote control interface.

> Viam natively supports a wheeled base model, but if you have a quadruped or other form of rover that isn't compatible with the wheeled model, you can [create a custom component as a modular resource](/extend/modular-resources/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Viam natively supports a wheeled base model, but if you have a quadruped or other form of base that requires a different underlying implementation, you can [create a custom component as a modular resource](/extend/modular-resources/).

```

As it could be boat, drone, etc

## Code used in this tutorial

- [Module Generator](https://github.com/viam-labs/generator-viam-module)

> - [Robot Dog Base Code on GitHub](https://github.com/viam-labs/robot-dog-base)

Reviewer: Shouldn't this code be updated to match the layout created by the module generator?

Also if the following can't point to 127.0.0.1, make it configurable via config attributes?
        self.client_socket.connect(("PASTE DOG IP ADDRESS HERE", 5001))

Author: Yeah--it is already configurable via config attributes in robotdog.py, but I will make an entirely new repo and link to that

Go to the [robot page](https://app.viam.com/robots) for your robot dog that you created when installing `viam-server` on the Pi.

> In the banner towards the top of the page, the IP address of the robot dog Pi is displayed under **IPs**.

Reviewer: could you just use 127.0.0.1 (localhost) since this test script is running on the same machine as the freenove server?

Author: Not here, because dog_test.py is being run on a different  computer

Author: I could rewrite this to have them run the script on the local machine instead of the laptop but I don't think it matters so I'd rather leave it as-is.
Maybe it could be changed in the configured component (like maybe I don't even need that to be a configurable attribute, but could just hardcode it as localhost), but as-written, and as-tested, this way works. Also, then maybe it gives them some flexibility with where they're running things??

Reviewer: so if you don't want it to run on the same machine, can't you use robotdog.local instead of the IP address?

        if port == "":
            port = 5001
        return

    # Define a way to send commands to the robot dog server
    def send_data(self, data):
        try:
            self.client_socket.send(data.encode("utf-8"))
        except Exception as e:
            LOGGER.error(e)

    # Handles attribute reconfiguration
    def reconfigure(self, config: ComponentConfig, dependencies: Mapping[ResourceName, ResourceBase]):
        # Here we initialize the resource instance
        ip_address = config.attributes.fields["ip_address"].string_value
        port = config.attributes.fields["port"].number_value
        self.client_socket = socket.socket(socket.AF_INET, socket.SOCK_STREAM)
        self.client_socket.connect((ip_address, port))
        return
```

### Define the custom base interface

To create a custom base model, you need a script that defines what each base component method (for example `set_power`) makes the robot dog do.

Open your newly created <file>robotdog.py</file> file.
It contains stubs of all the [base API methods](/components/base/#api), but you need to modify these method definitions to actually send commands to the robot dog.

> Take a look at [<file>robotdog.py</file>](https://github.com/viam-labs/robot-dog-module/blob/main/src/robotdog.py).

Author: ```suggestion
Take a look at [<file>robotdog.py</file>](https://github.com/viam-labs/robot-dog-module/blob/main/robotdog/src/robotdog.py).

```
